Privacy Notice This privacy notice was last reviewed or revised on May
        19, 2024. We, Noblessetech, India, understand that your privacy is
        important to you. We are committed to respecting your privacy and
        protecting your personal data. This privacy notice describes how we
        handle and protect your personal data (the “Privacy Notice”) when we
        collect it through Noblessetech’s websites, applications, and digital
        assets (collectively, our “Sites”) and through our externally facing
        business activities, such as service offerings, events, surveys, and
        communications, when we interact with you and collect data from you for
        use by and on behalf of Noblessetech (i.e., when Noblessetech is acting
        as a data controller or similar term under applicable privacy law).
        Depending upon the nature of your relationship with Noblessetech,
        additional or different privacy notices may apply to you as described
        below: Our Recruiting Privacy Notice, if you are applying for a position
        with Noblessetech. Our Alumni Privacy Notice for Noblessetech alumni.
        Our Solutions Privacy Notice, if you are using Noblessetech solutions on
        your employer’s behalf. If you are an employee of a Noblessetech client
        or a Noblessetech service provider, we may receive your personal data
        from your employer. Our use of your personal data is governed by our
        agreement with your employer. Please see our terms of use for more
        information about other terms and policies applicable to the use of our
        Sites. Contents 1. Data controller 2. How do we collect your personal
        data? 3. Why and how are we using your personal data? 4. What do we not
        do when we collect and process your personal data? 5. Who has access to
        your personal data? Data recipients and international data transfers. 6.
        Security 7. How long do we keep your personal data? 8. Data collection
        from children 9. What are your data protection rights, and how can you
        exercise them? 9.1. Your data protection rights. 9.2. How do you
        exercise your data protection rights? 9.3. How to unsubscribe to
        Noblessetech newsletters and alerts? 1. Data controller When
        Noblessetech collects and processes your personal data in accordance
        with this Privacy Notice, we do so as authorized under applicable data
        privacy laws, whether as data controller or joint controller (similar
        terms may be used under applicable law), which means that we determine
        and are responsible for how your personal data is collected, used,
        protected, disclosed, and disposed of. Depending on the jurisdiction you
        are located in or made contact with Noblessetech, the local Noblessetech
        entity may be your main data controller. 2. How do we collect your
        personal data? collect Noblessetechs personal data in the course of our
        business activities directly from you and from third parties:
        Noblessetech collects personal data about you in the course of our
        routine business activities: When you interact with our Sites, including
        when you manage your cookie preferences, as described in our Cookie
        Notice When you use Noblessetech Insights and any other mobile
        Noblessetech apps When you create or log into a user profile in our
        Sites; When you register to receive Noblessetech newsletters and alerts
        and when you interact with those newsletters and alerts; When you sign
        up for and participate in Noblessetech conferences and events; When you
        participate in public content posting areas, such as bulletin boards,
        discussion forums, and Noblessetech social media sites; When you
        participate in a survey, panel discussion, or individual discussion
        conducted by ; or Noblessetech When you interact with Noblessetech or
        its employees on its Sites, by email, or telephone, to ask a question,
        request information, or otherwise seek a response from Noblessetech.
        Noblessetech may also receive personal data about you from third
        parties, including service providers and data vendors in the course of
        our business activities. When we collect personal information from third
        parties, the data consists primarily of publicly available personal
        information compiled from business websites, public-facing social media
        platforms, and other widely used public sources. We also acquire
        deidentified datasets from certain service providers that we maintain in
        deidentified form. In each instance, we do our best to confirm that the
        third party has lawfully collected the data from appropriate sources and
        is authorized to share the data with Noblessetech for the uses intended
        by Noblessetech in accordance with section three below. Sensitive
        personal data – We may also collect sensitive personal data directly
        from you, for instance when you respond to a survey or panel discussion
        conducted by Noblessetech and provide us with demographic or other
        personal data or when you provide information to permit us to
        accommodate your specific request at a conference or event. We use
        sensitive personal data only with your consent unless another legal
        basis exists (e.g., public health requirements). When we collect and use
        sensitive personal data for research, data analysis, and statistical
        purposes, we use it to produce reports and publications based on
        deidentified datasets. We may combine personal data that we receive
        directly from you with personal data that we receive from third parties,
        to the extent that all such collection and use of personal data and
        sensitive personal data is consistent with this Privacy Notice and with
        the purposes and data access as described in section three below. 3. Why
        and how are we using your personal data? Noblessetech uses your personal
        data for different purposes and may combine data from multiple sources
        to accomplish those purposes. The table below summarizes the purposes
        for which we process your personal data, the categories of personal data
        that we use for each purpose, and the legal grounds on which each data
        processing activity is based, along with who has access to the personal
        data. Managing our business relationship with you Purpose: As an
        employee of a Noblessetech client, you receive information regarding our
        services and solutions, including proposals, invoices, etc. Categories
        of personal data: Name, pronouns, email, location, professional or
        employment related information like job title, position, or employer
        Legal basis for use: Legitimate interest for the provision of services
        Data access: Noblessetech subsidiaries and affiliates and third-party
        service providers as disclosed in section five of this Privacy Notice.
        Noblessetech.com account Purpose: If you create an account in
        Noblessetech.com, you receive access to newsletters, alerts, unlimited
        articles download and personalized content in our application.
        Categories of personal data: User ID, password; name, pronouns Legal
        basis for use: Your consent, when creating a user profile Data access:
        Noblessetech subsidiaries and affiliates and third-party service
        providers as disclosed in section five of this Privacy Notice.
        Newsletters and alerts Purpose: If you register for Noblessetech
        newsletters and alerts, you receive business, management, or
        industry-specific information. Categories of personal data: User ID,
        pronouns, name and email address, phone number Legal basis for use:
        Legitimate interest for the provision of our services Data access:
        Noblessetech subsidiaries and affiliates and third-party service
        providers as disclosed in section five of this Privacy Notice.
        Conferences and events Purpose: Sign up for and process your requests to
        participate in conferences and events, including webcasts. Categories of
        personal data: Name, pronouns, email, location, professional or
        employment-related information like job title, position, employer,
        dietary information, or health-related information to accommodate for
        any special requirements, including disabilities, or authorizations for
        audio and video material if we are taking pictures or videos Legal basis
        for use: Legitimate interest to provision you access to our conferences
        and events and based on your consent, where legally required, when
        signing up for conferences and events with regards to participating in
        audio or video, webcasts or other media events Data access: Noblessetech
        subsidiaries and affiliates and third-party service providers as
        disclosed in section five of this Privacy Notice. Public user posts and
        surveys Purpose: Participate in public user posting areas, including
        bulletin boards and discussion forums, and participate in surveys for
        research or other business-related purposes. For each survey, we provide
        you with specific information concerning which personal data is
        collected and how the processing activity is carried out. Categories of
        personal data: Your personal preferences and information you provide
        about you, comments, statements, or posts Legal basis for use: Your
        consent provided when posting in such forums and participating in
        surveys Data access: Noblessetech subsidiaries and affiliates and
        third-party service providers as disclosed in section five of this
        Privacy Notice. Benchmarking and analytics Purpose: Conduct benchmark
        and data analytics activities, such as analysis of recruiting practices
        across an industry, detecting fraud patterns in connection with
        financial transactions, and consumer traffic in retail environments.
        Categories of personal data: Specific business information related to
        you, location, behavioral data, etc. Legal basis for use: Our legitimate
        interest in doing research and analytics activities as part of our
        business and, when needed, your consent to Noblessetech or the third
        parties that provide us with the information Data access: Noblessetech
        subsidiaries and affiliates and third-party service providers as
        disclosed in section five of this Privacy Notice. Maintain and provide
        Noblessetech’s services Purpose: Provide our services or products to our
        clients, including benchmarking products. Categories of personal data:
        Access data, email, and your name for communication with you,
        preferences on website or app use, etc. Legal basis for use: Legitimate
        interest in promoting and protecting Noblessetech, provision of our
        services and building and maintaining relationships Data access:
        Noblessetech subsidiaries and affiliates and third-party service
        providers as disclosed in section five of this Privacy Notice. Legal
        compliance and legal actions Purpose: Comply with all applicable
        regulations, exercise legal actions and legal defense at courts, prevent
        fraud, and enforce Noblessetech’s agreements, this Privacy Notice, the
        Cookie Notice, and our terms of use, as well as complying with corporate
        reporting obligations. Categories of personal data: Data will depend
        upon specific legal requirement. Legal basis for use: Compliance with
        all applicable laws and regulations Data access: Noblessetech
        subsidiaries and affiliates and third-party service providers as
        disclosed in section five of this Privacy Notice. Applications security
        and data analytics. Purpose: Collect data from your use of our
        applications, websites, and services to analyze user activity, fix
        errors, monitor usage, and improve the security and performance of our
        websites, service, &amp;amp; mobile applications. For example, Noblessetech
        receives reports on some of our mobile applications’ aggregate usage and
        browsing patterns. Noblessetech also receives reports on errors
        occurring within mobile applications. Categories of personal data:
        Aggregated data on browsing patterns and mobile app usage, including
        information about the type of device used, articles accessed, and other
        events occurring within our apps. Legal basis for use: Legitimate
        interest to improve functionality and ensure security of users’ data and
        our business Data access: Noblessetech may use third-party service
        providers as disclosed in section five below Noblessetech Insights app
        Purpose: Offer, via Noblessetech Insights app a personalized list of
        recommendations (called “Insights for you”) directing you to
        Noblessetech content that we think you will find interesting. Categories
        of personal data: Recommendations are based solely on what you have
        viewed in the Insights app. A unique user identifier that is generated
        by the app helps personalize your app experience and tracks the articles
        that you read in the app. Legal basis for use: Legitimate interest for
        the provision of our services and running our business Data access: We
        do not share your viewing history or trends through the Insights app
        with other users or any external third parties (i.e., persons or
        entities that are not affiliates or third-party service providers of
        Noblessetech). Aggregation, anonymization, and deidentification of your
        data Purpose: Aggregate, deidentify, or anonymize your personal data so
        that, depending on and in compliance with applicable law, your data is
        no longer considered as personal data. We may use such data for the
        provision of our services, including research or statistical analysis,
        and may share such data with our clients or other business parties
        Categories of personal data: Personal data, personal data, including as
        identified for other purposes in this chart. Legal basis for use:
        Legitimate interest for the provision of our services and to protect
        your privacy Data access: See section four below. Noblessetech maintains
        deidentified personal data in deidentified form and does not use or
        permit others to use deidentified data in any way that would identify or
        reidentify individuals in the data set. Marketing communications
        Purpose: Based on your preferences and opt in when you sign up for
        newsletters, events, and similar activities, we may send you newsfeeds
        or updates about Noblessetech in relation to your interests. You can opt
        out of those communications at any time. Categories of personal data:
        Name, email address, title, company Legal basis for use: Your consent
        when signing up for newsletters, events, and similar activities Data
        access: Noblessetech subsidiaries and affiliates and third-party service
        providers, as disclosed in section five of this Privacy Notice. Whenever
        the legal ground is our legitimate interest, Noblessetech only processes
        your personal data after assessing the adequacy, proportionality, and
        legitimacy of the data-processing activity. If consent as a legal basis
        for processing has been relied upon and you have withdrawn it, we may
        not be able to properly provide you with our full range of services and
        a good user experience. Noblessetech does not use automated decision
        making to make decisions that have legal impact on you or that
        significantly affect your rights and liberties. All automated processing
        activities are conducted with appropriate human supervision and review.
        Noblessetech’s use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
        Noblessetech may use first- and third-party cookies and other tracking
        technologies, including web beacons, to manage our Sites and services,
        and to collect analytics about how you use them. Noblessetech may
        collect information about whether you open or click any links in the
        knowledge, research, or event communications that we send you. You have
        options regarding our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
        Please refer to our Cookie Notice for more details and to manage your
        choices. In addition, we use tools and applications that reduce security
        threats and reduce the risk of access by bots and automated devices, but
        we do not use those tools and applications for non-security purposes. 4.
        What do we not do when we collect and process your personal data? We do
        not acquire, use, or allow others to use deidentified data with the
        intent of identifying or reidentifying individuals. When we receive
        deidentified data or transform personal data that we have collected into
        deidentified data, we make the following commitments: Noblessetech will
        maintain deidentified data in deidentified form. Except to the extent
        necessary to confirm that personal data has been transformed into
        deidentified data, Noblessetech will not attempt to identify or
        reidentify specific individuals within a deidentified dataset or
        otherwise use deidentified data to attempt to associate specific
        individuals with individual characteristics and will not permit any
        entity or individual acting on Noblessetech’s behalf to do so. To the
        extent, if any, that Noblessetech provides access to or otherwise
        discloses a deidentified dataset to a non-Noblessetech recipient, for
        example, a service provider or a client, it will require each such
        recipient to agree to maintain the deidentified data in its deidentified
        form and not attempt, or permit others to attempt, to identify or
        reidentify specific individuals within the deidentified dataset or
        otherwise use deidentified data to attempt to associate specific
        individuals with individual characteristics. 5. Who has access to your
        personal data? Data recipients and international data transfers Personal
        data collected in the course of Noblessetech business activities may be
        transferred and made available to Noblessetech entities, service
        providers, and third parties as necessary to accomplish the specific
        business purposes for which the personal data were collected and to
        support our interactions with you, and otherwise as required to comply
        with applicable law. The Noblessetech entity that collects your personal
        data may provide access to and transfer your data to the following
        categories of data recipients, for the business purposes described in
        section three, above: To Noblessetech’s subsidiaries and affiliates and
        personnel across our global organization; To Noblessetech’s service
        providers and personnel; To Noblessetech’s legal and professional
        advisors; To third parties in the following circumstances; If we are
        required to do so by law or legal process; To law enforcement
        authorities or other government officials pursuant to lawful request;
        When we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent
        physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation
        of suspected or actual illegal activity; If disclosure is necessary to
        protect the vital interests of a person; To enforce our terms of use To
        protect our property, services, and legal rights; To prevent fraud
        against Noblessetech, our subsidiaries, affiliates and/or business
        partners; To aid in Noblessetech’s investigation of an actual or
        suspected security incident, such as a breach involving confidential
        information or personal information or a violation of Noblessetech
        policy; To support auditing, compliance, and corporate governance
        functions; To comply with any and all applicable laws. To a successor or
        different business entity in the event of a reorganization, merger,
        sale, joint venture, assignment, or other transfer or disposition of all
        or any portion of our business. To protect personal data that is
        transferred internationally, Noblessetech complies with all applicable
        data transfer laws, including incorporating required data transfer terms
        into our agreements with Noblessetech affiliates, subsidiaries, service
        providers, and third parties. 6. Security Noblessetech protects and
        safeguards your personal data globally, in accordance with applicable
        law, our privacy and data security policies, and this Privacy Notice. We
        use generally accepted standards of technical and operational security
        to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful loss,
        misuse, alteration, or destruction, in consideration of the risks
        associated with the personal data and its processing, and we require the
        same level of protection and safeguarding from our subsidiaries and
        affiliates, our service providers, and third parties. Only authorized
        personnel of Noblessetech and of our service providers are permitted to
        access personal data, and these employees and service providers are
        required to treat this information as confidential. Despite these
        precautions however, Noblessetech cannot guarantee that unauthorized
        persons will not obtain access to your personal data. 7. How long do we
        keep your personal data? Noblessetech keeps your personal data only as
        long as necessary to accomplish the business purposes for which it was
        collected to meet our legal or contractual obligations and in compliance
        with Noblessetech’s data-retention policy. We will securely delete your
        personal data promptly after the purposes described above cease to apply
        in accordance with the prevailing market practice for such destruction.
        If you request that we delete your personal data, Noblessetech will
        comply with applicable law and will make reasonable attempts to delete
        all instances of the personal data, subject to our right to keep a copy
        of such data for the purposes mentioned above. For requests for access,
        corrections, or deletion, especially where the processing is based on
        your consent, please refer to section nine of this Privacy Notice. 8.
        Data collection from children Noblessetech does not intentionally use
        its Sites and business content to collect or maintain personal data from
        individuals under the age of 16. To the extent that any of our non-site
        business activities may involve collecting or maintaining personal data
        from or about individuals under the age of 16, we would do so only with
        the required legal consent from the parent, guardian, or individual and
        in accordance with applicable law. 9. What are your data protection
        rights, and how can you exercise them? 9.1. Your data protection rights.
        Subject to applicable law, including exceptions, you have the following
        rights with regard to the personal data that we collect about you: Right
        to request information about the personal data that we hold about you,
        including information about how we use your personal data, who has
        access to it, and the terms under which third parties have access to
        your personal data; Right to request a copy of the personal data that we
        hold about you; Right to request portability of your data to permit you
        to provide a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used,
        and machine-readable format and to transmit that personal data to
        another controller; Right to request that we correct or otherwise amend
        your personal data if it is not correct or otherwise not complete,
        timely, and accurate for the purposes for which we are using it; Right
        to request deletion of your personal data; Right to request that we
        cease processing or restrict or limit the processing of your personal
        data; Right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal
        data where the basis of our processing is your consent; Right to not be
        discriminated against for exercising your individual rights regarding
        your personal data; Right to request review by Noblessetech Global
        Protection Officer and, if applicable, Noblessetech’s data protection
        officer for your jurisdiction, of our response to your request to
        exercise your individual data protection rights; and Right to seek
        additional legal remedies regarding our response to your request to
        exercise your individual data-protection rights, depending upon your
        jurisdiction, by lodging a complaint with your data-protection authority
        or initiating a legal proceeding 9.2. How do you exercise your data
        protection rights? You can contact the Data Protection Officer for your
        jurisdiction at admin@noblessetech.com If you would like to exercise
        your data protection rights regarding your personal data, you can do so
        by: Completing the data-subject request form. Emailing your request to
        us at: Data admin@noblessetech.com For requests , call us at +91
        8920372470 Upon receipt of your request to exercise your data-protection
        rights, we will acknowledge receipt within the time period required by
        applicable law and provide you with information about the next steps in
        the process and the timing. To help protect your privacy and security,
        we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before acting on
        certain data protection rights, in accordance with applicable law. If
        you are using an authorized agent to exercise your data protection
        rights and that agent does not provide a power of attorney with the
        initial request, we may request further evidence of the agent’s right to
        act on your behalf, including valid written authorization or contacting
        you to verify the request. Please note that applicable laws include
        exceptions to assertions of data protection rights that may prevent us
        from providing access to your personal data or otherwise fully complying
        with your request. If we believe exceptions apply, we will respond to
        your request to the extent we are able to do so, and we will provide an
        explanation of the basis for not complying wholly or partially with your
        request. 9.3. How to unsubscribe to Noblessetech newsletters and alerts?
        If you receive Noblessetech newsletter or alerts, or if you receive
        invitations to surveys or events from Noblessetech and if you would
        prefer not to receive future email communications from us, you may
        unsubscribe by: Clicking on the link in an email you have received from
        us. If you have an account on Noblessetech.com, editing the
        communications preferences in your account; Emailing us at Unsubscribes
        admin@noblessetech.com